I'll do agree is look it's luis set
loose and rawhide Comrie with the one
only to LD is Joelle not the big name
you guys probably wanted but a tough
fight nonetheless you know this is like
kind of the mo for Tim at the label what
are you thoughts on this fight coming up
with Jessie Vargas you know it's it's
like every other fight every fight is
tough you can't say he's not a tough
fight because Jessie Vargas is
undefeated he's a world champion even
though he's a junior welterweight
champion he's a big boy you know he's a
big boy for the division and we can't
take any anybody like especially just
Vargas you know that he's hungry he's
hungry to step up his ability in the big
leagues you know he wants to step up
against the best fighters in the world
and I think he deserves a chance you
know he's at the position where a lot of
Fighters were before you know he's a
world champion he's undefeated and he
wants to he wants to beat a guy with a
name like Bradley to be recognized and
get those big opportunities get those
those big doors to open friend both guys
are great boxers but they both always
revert back to brawl it at some point I
know you know Jesse does it I know Tim
does it that with that said do you
expect the regards what the game plan is
there's gonna be a breakout fight at
some point of war in this fight at some
point I can tell you this right now I'm
gonna send Bradley one of the first bell
rings I'm gonna Bradley Bradley not
taking a step back I can tell you this
right now and I'm gonna tell everybody
if you guys want to hear Timothy is
gonna get in there and make it a
dogfight from the beginning you guys
want to see an action-packed fight you
guys are gonna see one why because I
know Jessie Vargas and I know that
Jessie Vargas does not have the power in
the space that Manny Pacquiao has that
hormonal Marcus has so if I if Timothy
tells me that you just have the power to
hurt them Tim it is going to be inside
all night nice I mean non-stop action
you're gonna see so we expect Jessie
particles to bring the same fire back
and it's gonna be a fight I told her to
fight until somebody breaks down and I
can tell you this Bradley's not gonna
break down because he gets stronger in
the later rounds and Jessie fades in the
late around what are the fans gonna see
jun 27th what are we going to see that
ring you guys are gonna see the same
thing you guys saw 2013 at the stop of
center but but that is drastic because
these guys I mean obviously don't
have the power that Ruslan provodnikov
has but you're gonna see a total tool
fight you're gonna see a great exciting
boxing fight that night what are the
best entries i will do with you thank
you so much to appreciate it